# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
The data is related with direct marketing campaigns of a Portuguese banking institution. Our goal is to predict if the client will subscribe to a fixed term deposit with a financial institution or not which is given by feature named y.
The total number of instances are 45211 and total number of features are 17

The best performing model was VotingEnsemble model obtained from AutoML which outperforms Logistic Regression Model with an accuracy of 0.91692288 whereas the accuracy of Logistic Regression Model was only 0.9111785533636824.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**



**Benefits of the parameter sampler chosen**
I chose Random Sampling. 
The main benefits include its support for termination of low-performance runs and the other one is that it supports both continuos and discrete parameters.
There were two parameters passed, one was continuos that is regularization parameter '--C' where a uniformly distributed value distributed between (-.-5,0.1) will be chosen at every iteration and a discrete parameter '--max_iter' which had a choice of value between (16,32,64,128).

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
